# Revised Draft of DC Project

**Revision Pro-tip**: Save each draft as a separate word document rather than simply revising one document. Why? Sometimes scholars have great ideas from an earlier draft that they take out in a revision and then decide that they want to re-introduce that information. If they did not have separate files then that information would be completely lost. Sometimes I have ten or more drafts of my articles and dissertation chapters. Save files as "DC Project First Draft," "DC Project Revised Draft," and "DC Project Final Draft" (or however many drafts you write of this particular research-argumentative paper). 

Please upload your revised draft (second draft) of your DC project. **This draft must be at minimum 1400 words.** Your draft should include: an introduction, body paragraphs with textual and image analyses, topic sentences and transitions, use of 5 secondary sources (at least 4 peer-reviewed), MLA citations, a conclusion, and a works cited page.  

With the revised draft, you will have a one-on-one 20 minute office hour with me during Week 5. (for which you will sign-up for this week, Week 4). To help me prep for our meeting, you must include a cover memo. The cover memo for the one-on-one conference should be one paragraph describing what you think the strengths and weaknesses of the draft are, one paragraph with any questions or concerns you have for me, and one paragraph summarizing the feedback you got from your peer responders and what revisions you made based on your peers’ responses. The last component--summarizing peer feedback and what revisions you made is ***the*** most important part of this **cover memo**, so please prioritize this information. 

You will get the full 25 points if you: submit a revised draft, sign-up for your office hour appointment, and attend it. 